.TH "TERMICODER" "1" "14-Oct-2018" "0.3.0" "termicoder Manual"
.SH NAME
termicoder \- A complete toolbox for competitive programers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B termicoder
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
A complete toolbox for competitive programers
.PP
.nf
__       __                      _                __
\\ \\     / /____  _________ ___  (_)________  ____/ /__  _____
 \\ \\   / __/ _ \\/ ___/ __ `__ \\/ / ___/ __ \\/ __  / _ \\/ ___/
 / /  / /_/  __/ /  / / / / / / / /__/ /_/ / /_/ /  __/ /
/_/   \\__/\\___/_/  /_/ /_/ /_/_/\\___/\\____/\\__,_/\\___/_/
.fi
.PP
view, code & submit problems directly from terminal
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fP
Show the version and exit.
.TP
\fB\-v,\fP \-\-verbosity LVL
Either CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO or DEBUG
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBclip\fP
  Copies code from file to clipboard.
  See \fBtermicoder-clip(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBclip\fP command.
.PP
\fBview\fP
  View contests and problems.
  See \fBtermicoder-view(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBview\fP command.
.PP
\fBsubmit\fP
  Submit a solution.
  See \fBtermicoder-submit(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsubmit\fP command.
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  List the contents of current folder.
  See \fBtermicoder-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBsetup\fP
  Sets up problem, contests and login.
  See \fBtermicoder-setup(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsetup\fP command.
.PP
\fBtest\fP
  Test code against the sample testcases.
  See \fBtermicoder-test(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBtest\fP command.
.PP
\fBconfig\fP
  Configure settings, autocomplete etc.
  See \fBtermicoder-config(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconfig\fP command.
.PP
\fBdebug\fP
  Launches custom debug interface.
  See \fBtermicoder-debug(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdebug\fP command.
.PP
\fBcode\fP
  Creates and opens file with template code.
  See \fBtermicoder-code(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcode\fP command.
.PP
\fBrepl\fP
  Start an interactive shell.
  See \fBtermicoder-repl(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBrepl\fP command.
